the journey began in 2013
in today's world the competitive world
there there's need identified that the
we need to connect with the customer
market scenarios have changed and today
our customers know exactly what are
their expectations they are getting more
powerful and more evolved and they
expect nothing less than the best I
still remember the day when I first met
Girish before I joined and he told me
that I said say Lombard is planning to
insource the call center and what do you
think about that yeah in sourcing is
always a good thing to do all of a
sudden the first thing that struck was
the fact that three months launch of an
entire call center to call centers one
in Mumbai one in Hyderabad it was all
bare shell basically so we started from
the scratch he started with just a place
with the wires and the flooring was not
there and there was just things falling
out of place each and every aspect of
the office starting from the LED lights
to carpet to workstation to the meeting
rooms the partitions everything was
looked into very critically crucially
and was even senior management was
involved in each and every approval
recruiting to 30 CRN's in such a short
span they had to go live we had a lot of
pressure people used to come in under
construction of these days to come and
they used to give interviews and all and
the interesting bit was to figure out
who is doing what and more importantly
to figure out who would be doing what
how do we find internal people to train
us who's going to train us when is the
training document going to be ready so
we prepared 600 pages of a training
module
we're preparing people who were coming
from diverse backgrounds we framed the
service anchor called campus which was
about telling the you know our teens how
to handle relationships in terms of
talking to the customer how to handle
queries in the end what really helped
was that we all had a common goal
all the teams involved had a common goal
and that was the launch of the call
center in time and hats off on September
19th we launched the call center in
Mumbai
Gershwin I remember the first day in
this contact center remember that first
call we ended up registering 20 claims
and look at today we're taking more than
7,000 calls and it's such a buzzing and
lively place and we having a lot of fun
every call is not only about providing
service it's about building that
relationship with the customers that's
why we are called relationship managers
all the hard work was paid off as we see
in our business growing we will be able
to give our customers a great buying
experience
let me see this new guys coming in
working and all enjoying having this
arena rewards and all I think there's a
thriving place we have a lot of energy
there a lot of innovative ideas young
people it's it's the place to be
I'm sure the e-channel team is also as
proud of what they are achieving in the
in sauce Khan Center as we are in this
customer relationship team and now after
around six months of operation it looks
all settled we want our in-house team to
be treated like our baby together we did
it together we did it together we did it
together we did it together we did it
together
we did it
you